# A feature to tag site owners

This document describes a feature to tag site owners in the posting text area of the social posting app.

## How to find the social links

When a site is listed in the "Sites to Post" area and the site itself contains social links to either or both of Mastodon and BLuesky, the app should use the getsocialinks.js script, or create a similar script dedicated to this project, that will extract the social links from the site.

## When to generate the social links

Once a site is in the Sites to Post area and the user clicks on the small POST (or USE) button, the app should fetch the social links from the site and generate the appropriate tags for Mastodon and BLuesky. The generated tags should then be added to their respective posting text areas in the social posting app.

### Answers to quesitons

1. The getsociallinks.js is located at:

/Users/Bob/Dropbox/Docs/Sites/11tybundle/dbtools/lib

2. Examine the script referenced above to understand how it extracts social links from a site.

3. It should be appended to the mentions that are already automatically added.

4. That sounds right.

5. It would have to be triggered for the Use button as well as the social links are not stored in the built-with-eleventy.md file. I am now thinking that since entries to the built-with-eleventy.md file are generated by an external script, perhaps that file should instead be a json file. This would allow drafts to be stored there that contain the social links as well as the site name and url. Let me know what you think of this idea as it would affect how you process the built-with-eleventy.md file to generate the Sites to Post area.
